autooutcomes         yes
autosummary          yes
costunits            DX1000p2
debugfile
debugon              no
displayperiod        2020
focusperiod
numtrials            83
outputpercentile      100
outcomefile          Test.out
outcomeopenmode      Replace
outputcostunits		 DX1p2
outputdelimiter      ,
outputformat         ByTrial
outputheader         no
outputperiod         2012 2050
outputresolution     annual
outputvolumeunits	AFX1
precision           3
simbegin             2013
simend               2050
siminterval          annual
simulationfile	     revreq.sim
simulationname	     50-Year IRP
summaryfile          Test.sum
summaryopenmode      Replace
tracebegin           1922
traceend             2004
tracemode            dynamic
tracestart           1922
volumeunits          AFX10000p2
yearend              Dec
randomseed 99